.TH repose "1" "July 23" "repose" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
repose \- an Archlinux repository compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrepose\fP [options] <database> [pkgs|deltas ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBrepose\fP create and manipulates Archlinux repositories, automating
their generation from a directory of packages. It scans the filesystem
packages and for changes in those packages and compiles them into
databases \fBpacman\fR understands.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display help message.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Display version information.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR"
Produce verbose output. When scanning for changes, \fBrepose\fP will
list every package that'll be added, dropped, or updated and will also
list each database that's serialized to disk.
.IP "\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-files\fR"
In addition to building the repository database, build a files database
usable by \fBpkgfile\fR and keep it in sync with the main database. If
this flag is not provided by a files database is found, this flag is
implied.
.IP "\fB\-d, \fB\-\-drop\fR"
Instead of adding the specified set of packages, instead drop them from the
database.
.IP "\fB\-r\fR \fIPATH\fR, \fB\-\-root\fR=\fIPATH\fR"
Set the root of the repository where the database files will live. If
the pool directory different from the root directory, maintain symlinks
between the two so that the root directory also contains a link to all
packages referenced by the repository. The default value if it isn't
overridden is the current working directory.
.IP "\fB\-p\fR \fIPATH\fR, \fB\-\-pool\fR=\fIPATH\fR"
Set the pool for the repository. The pool is where \fBrepose\fR will
scan for new, changed, or missing packages to update the repository
database. The default value if it isn't overridden is the current
working directory.
.IP "\fB\-m\fR \fIARCH\fR, \fB\-\-arch\fR=\fIARCH\fR"
Set the primary architecture of the database. The database will only
contain packages found for the architecture set in \fIARCH\fR or marked
as 'any'. If this argument is not provided, the machines architecture is
assumed.
.IP "\fB\-j\fR, \fB\-\-bzip2\fR"
Compress the resulting database with bzip2(1).
.IP "\fB\-J\fR, \fB\-\-xz\fR"
Compress the resulting database with xz(1).
.IP "\fB\-z\fR, \fB\-\-gzip\fR"
Compress the resulting database with gzip(1).
.IP "\fB\-Z\fR, \fB\-\-compress\fR"
Compress the resulting database with compress(1).
.IP "\fB\-\-rebuild\fR"
Rather than attempting to update the existing database, rebuild it.
